MP_bidirect_winograd FP16 support (#491)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/MIOpen: doc/src/DebugAndLogging.md

  * `MIOPEN_DEBUG_AMD_MP_BD_XDLOPS_WINOGRAD_F4X3` - `ConvMPBidirectWinograd_xdlops<4-3>`, FWD/BWD F(4,3)
  * `MIOPEN_DEBUG_AMD_MP_BD_XDLOPS_WINOGRAD_F5X3` - `ConvMPBidirectWinograd_xdlops<5-3>`, FWD/BWD F(5,3)
  * `MIOPEN_DEBUG_AMD_MP_BD_XDLOPS_WINOGRAD_F6X3` - `ConvMPBidirectWinograd_xdlops<6-3>`, FWD/BWD F(6,3)

>   * `MIOPEN_DEBUG_AMD_MP_BD_WINOGRAD_ENABLE_FP16_TRANSFORM` - `ConvMPBidirectWinograd*`, FWD/BWD FP16 experemental mode.

Reviewer: Typo in "experemental". Use the "pure fp16" expression.
```suggestion
  * `MIOPEN_DEBUG_AMD_MP_BD_WINOGRAD_PURE_FP16 - `ConvMPBidirectWinograd*`, FWD/BWD pure FP16 mode. Disabled by default. This mode is experimental. Use it at your own risk.
```

Author: I will add everything, except 'pure FP16 mode' because it is not 'pure'.

### Winograd Multi-pass Maximum Workspace throttling

`MIOPEN_DEBUG_AMD_WINOGRAD_MPASS_WORKSPACE_MAX` - `ConvWinograd3x3MultipassWrW`, WrW

> `MIOPEN_DEBUG_AMD_MP_BD_WINOGRAD_WORKSPACE_MAX` - `ConvMPBidirectWinograd*`, FWD BWD

Reviewer: [IMPORTANT] Even if this PR is closed, we need this documentation update.
